hello everybody and welcome to the most
insane NASCAR race you have ever seen
today's race is sponsored by Kitteridge
candles so make sure to check out their
website on etsy after the race
today's race is a thrilling one lap
adventure with no cautions and
never-before-seen obstacles so we're
sure to get plenty of wrecks and action
in just a short race here
Trevor Bayne won the pole for today's
race Jimmie Johnson will be starting 2nd
and Austin Dillon will be 3rd with
plenty of crazy obstacles we expect a
lot of big crashes today so let's take a
look at some of those obstacles now
first the cars will travel through great
chicane featuring a few different
Kitteridge candles products along with
plenty of grapes lining the track then
the cars will head to cranberry
minefield where every single cranberry
has a mine hidden inside of it that will
explode upon impact with any car which
is sure to create some nasty wrecks next
the cars will head down Apple Street
which features a couple dangerous
surprises for our drivers today as you
will soon see in the race then the
drivers will attack Almond obstacle
course each of the sets of three almonds
on the track will pinwheel around as the
drivers come through it
popcorn loop features a dangerous figure
8 style loop that could produce
demolition-derby light crashes and then
we have coconut corner where the drivers
will lose traction as they head around
that corner as the drivers travel down
watermelon way they're going to have to
avoid a gigantic watermelon rolling down
the track towards them and then the
drivers will head to Kittredge Candles
zoo featuring many of the more exotic
products that Kittredge Candles offers
their bears owls dogs mice rabbits and
even clams so as the drivers travel
through the zoo they get a chance to
look at the animals while they race then
they'll head to Mountain View Road on
the cliff face here it's a very
dangerous road to be on there no
guardrails and these drivers left to
head through the snowy mountains and
eventually wind up going into a cave
this cable then come out at the flower
gardens which mainly features tulips but
a few other candles as well and once
they're done with the flowers they will
head off to the hot sunny desert
featuring lots of sand and lots of bad
traction from there they will head to
the beach and get some water to go with
their desert and then they will head to
the golf course the second to last stop
in today's race they'll follow the cart
path
around the golf course and then lastly
the drivers will head to Kittredge
Candles highway which is going to be one
of the most dangerous parts of the track
with obstacles all over the racetrack
we are about ready to get started now
here come the drivers ready to take the
green flag trevor bayne Jimmie Johnson
Austin Dillon lead them to the green
flag the whole field is flying by as we
get started on today's race Trevor Bayne
and Jimmie Johnson out to the early lead
Kyle Busch making moves he's going to
make it three wide for the lead now as
they enter turn 2 Kyle Busch on the
inside making a move on Johnson and
Bayne everyone's three wide throughout
the field Bayne Johnson Oh Austin Dillon
gets spun out he started third but he's
already going to be forced to the back
of the pack I think we'll be able to
continue there he goes but he has lost
almost all of his positions right at the
start as Trevor Bayne and Kyle Busch
continue to battle side by side for the
lead kyle has it right now Oh Ricky
Stenhouse jr. goes through the grass
kicks up a bunch of grass on the track
there that could be a problem for
drivers as they head around some sharp
turns here we get a kitchen candles lip
balm camera view as cars are coming
around that turn Kyle Busch continues to
lead with Trevor Bayne and Jimmie
Johnson right on his heels we enter
cranberry minefield now Kyle Busch still
is the lead oh he gets hit by mine our
leader Kyle Busch gets taken out as
Trevor Bayne spins in Jimmie Johnson
takes the lead Kevin Harvick out of
nowhere is up to first battling
side-by-side with Jimmie Johnson Trevor
Bayne and third tied Gilliland up to
fourth we have knives now coming out of
two sets of candles and cutting up these
apples Oh Kasey Kahne and the Ricky
Stenhouse jr. get caught out by that
nice they didn't see it coming and
that's two more drivers taken out of
this field early on in this race the
popcorns popping as the drivers are
racing along heating up this track Kevin
Harvick continues to lead chase Elliott
up now into a three wide battle for
second as everyone's going to fly by
here when the leaders come around we
could have some dangerous contact
Kevin Harvick chase Elliott leading Oh
Jimmie Johnson gets taken out by Timmy
Hill at the back of the field there goes
Jimmie Johnson one of our other leaders
they now enter the allman portion of the
track Kevin Harvick and chase Elliott
side by side for the lead everybody
battling tightly Paul Menard out of
nowhere is up battling for the lead as
well along with Jamie McMurray the
Allman's continue to spin around the
track as now we enter the cocoanut
corner Paul Menard
aric almirola
take the shortcut Jamie McMurray Erik
Jones falling through and those drivers
are not going to jump out to the lead
Paul Menard and aric almirola are your
new leaders in the most insane race on
earth here comes watermelon way they
better watch out for that rolling
watermelon Oh Martin Truex Jr gets
crushed completely flattened by that
watermelon and that's going to end his
day we hope he's alright aric almirola
now has the lead as they enter the zoo
Trevor Bayne and chase Elliott hot on
his heels though I'm sorry not Trevor
Bayne that's Ryan Blaney Ryan Blaney and
aric almirola are battling for the lead
right now as they pass the clam the
bunnies hopping up and down at the sight
of the cars Ryan Blaney continues to
lead Kyle Larson up to second everyone's
three wide throughout the field it's
still a nice tight battle here we got
over 30 cars left in the race still
everyone flies by but it's now snowing
actively on the mountain they didn't
call for this weather initially so we'll
see if the drivers can prepare Jamie
McMurray gets sent off the cliff spun
right over the edge that is not good as
all the drivers flying by in the snow
right now chase Elliott continues to
lead Kevin Harvick Ryan Blaney Kyle
Larson are three wide for second as we
get a tulip candle shot here Harvick
continues to lead Oh another crash Paul
Menard bounces off the candle collects
aric almirola and Matt Kenseth two more
leaders are taken out in that crash as
we now get to the desert these hot
temperatures could cause some engine
problems if Kevin Harvick continues to
lead the whole field flying by here
Elliott on the inside of Harvick on that
turn trying to make a pass for the lead
Kyle Larson now making it three wide
he's going to try to fight for the lead
as well Brad Keselowski gotta know under
the front oh and he gets taken out by
Erik Jones his engine blows up dressed
his left into the candle Kevin Harvick
now your leader once again with Trevor
Bayne in second Lane's had a solid run
been up there all day after starting
first nice sharp turn here before the
drivers approach the beach Harvick Bayne
and Elliott will lead them to the beach
Harvick takes the turn he's extending
his lead a little bit there Elliot and
Bayne battling for second some waves
coming in on the beach as the cars drive
around this Bank turn these sandy turns
are going to be very slippery
Kevin Harvick continues to lead Trevor
Bayne Joey Logano up to third that's the
first time we've mentioned his name
today as we've lost a lot of drivers
already this field getting smaller and
smaller Oh Kevin Harvick gets spun by
Joey Logano chase Elliott and Clint boy
get taken out Logano and Harvick
continue but we have new leaders now
Trevor Bayne Kyle Larson and Denny
Hamlin up to third Michael McDowell and
fourth what a race we have going on here
right now as we approach the final
straightaway it could get very chaotic
here in the last couple stages Oh Trevor
Bayne gets spun by larceny gets taken
out tighter on Suarez get taken out
hammers taken out we're five wide for
the lead
Harvick Blaney Larson Logano Kurt Busch
gets taken out and I believe Kevin
Harvick has won the race
that was a heck of a drag race to the
finish everyone banging and bumping into
each other and yes we have the final
results Kevin Harvick is your winner of
the most insane race on earth sponsored
by Kitteridge candles Michael McDowell
with a very solid fourth place finish
David Ragan sixth Matt DiBenedetto
seventh a bunch of drivers with some
great finishes today Danica Patrick in
ninth Dale jr. in 11th Cole Whitt 12 as
you can see a lot of the drivers who
started at the back of the field moved
up and finished in the teens thanks to
all the wrecks that we saw today
Trevor Bayne your pole sitter after a
great run up front finishes 22nd chase
Elliott drops to 25th
Chris Buescher was taken off in a wreck
that was behind the scenes we didn't
even see that one happen and a bunch of
the drivers that started up front Jimmie
Johnson Martin Truex Kyle Busch all
finished in the upper 30s and we're glad
to hear that all the drivers involved in
wrecks today are ok so don't forget to
visit SD comm flash shop flash
Kitteridge candles to purchase any of
the candles lip balm soaps or lotions
that we saw in the video today and thank
you for watching the most insane race on
earth hope to see you next time